(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Obelisk Force!
Duel Academy's finally
come to this dimension.
Their first order of business
must be to find Celina and Zuzu.
And my job is to make sure
that doesn't happen.
(man over bullhorn)
This is Sector Security.
Stop where you are.
Uhh!
(growling)
(thinking)
Sergey had better
not disappoint.
Tell the other Lancers in
the underground where we are.
I'll stay and keep Celina safe
till you come back.
Drop your Duel Disk
and surrender.
Never!
So be it.
You can't stop us.
How about me?
Sora...
This is unexpected.
You can thank me later.
Aah!
(all groaning)
They won't be
bothering us anymore.
(groaning)
(panting)
They just keep coming.
(grunting)
Riley!
Yuya! Yes!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
Riley!
Ha!
Huh?
Stay back... or else!
(sinister laughter)
(growling)
(thinking)
Riley can't protect
Celina forever.
I gotta move it
before they lose it.
(all gasping)
Take them down!
(growling)
(all screaming)
(Yuya)
Go back to Duel Academy
where you belong!
You okay?
Don't worry, Celina!
I won't let them take you!
Riley!
It's okay.
Calm down.
(anxious breathing)
How did you wind up down here?
(Celina)
Riley saved me after I was
ambushed by Sector Security.
They tried to take me to Roget.
For real?
Luckily,
Riley saved the day.
It was three on one.
It could've been
ten on one,
but that wouldn't have
been enough to stop Riley.
Whoa, that's amazing!
Wish I could've seen it.
Huh?
(sinister laughter)
Hah. I see the Professor still
has you on his leash, Barrett.
Nice to see you, too, Celina.
If you think you're
bringing me back,
you're wrong, 'cause
I'm not going anywhere.
Step aside.
You'll have to make me!
Shouldn't be a problem.
No one will stop me from
carrying out my mission.
No one but me.
You just made a bad decision.
And I'll make you regret it!
(both)
Let's duel!
♪
(guard)
Keep it rollin', you rejects!
There's plenty more where that
came from, so pick up the pace.
We need to make room for
today's catch of the day‐‐
week‐old sardines
from the fish factory.
Yuya.
I've had enough.
I am done garbage grabbin'!
Another troublemaker, huh!?
You get back to work!
(Crow)
I'm telling you guys
the truth!
Huh?
I saw them!
There's a bunch of flying
freakazoids invading the city!
Yeah, and I'm runnin' late
for my ballet class!
(Shay)
How many were there?
Huh?
♪
(Crow)
Shay!
Huh.
From what I saw, enough
to add up to trouble.
It's Obelisk Force!
Hold on!
Where ya goin'!?
That's my business.
Now, quit hassling me
before I get angry.
I've dealt with
enough trash for one day.
(growling)
(blow impacting)
(groaning)
If you're unhappy here,
then maybe you need
a change of scenery.
What you need is a nice,
long trip to the infirmary!
(groaning)
(inmate)
It's a fight!
Aah!
C'mon, rush him!
You grab his arms
and I'll tackle him!
(grunting)
That's his tenth brawl
this week.
(Crow)
Guys! We have to talk now!
Huh?
Crow.
I was dueling Yuya when these
guys on gliders appeared.
A friend of Yuya's told me
they were hunting down Celina.
Guys on gliders?
(Crow)
Yeah.
Shay called them
the Obelisk Force.
Obelisk Force!?
So, who was this
friend of Yuya's?
He said his name was Sora.
Sora?
Has everyone traveled
to this dimension?
He's from the Duel Academy.
Doesn't that
make him an enemy?
Gong thinks so. But why'd he
call himself Yuya's friend?
I say we drop everything
and get to the bottom of this.
Good idea!
Aah!
(crashing)
Huh?
(guard)
You're all ours now!
And that's bad news for you!
(guard)
You're all ours now!
Uhh! Whoa!
(men groaning)
(Gong)
Nice moves, Shay!
(Moon Shadow)
Heads up!
(all)
Huh?
Moon Shadow!
The word from above
is that Obelisk Force
just showed up here.
It is true.
They are tracking down
Celina as we speak.
She needs your help,
but you'll have to hurry.
Right now, the only one
protecting her is Riley.
That's a tall order
for someone so little.
Obelisk will
take Riley apart.
Quick!
Let's move out!
(Moon Shadow)
Wait, Gong. You are
still needed here.
Huh?
Zuzu is also a target.
You must stay here
to keep watch over her.
If somehow she is tracked
here to the underground,
alone, she will be
easily outmatched.
Got it. Good luck.
Gong's with ya in spirit.
Thanks.
Let's go!
Hey, hold up! You're
forgetting your wingman!
Au revoir, Gong!
I will cover you!
It's a break‐out!
(all gasping)
(operator over P. A.)
Alert! Riot in progress!
All available guards
report to Sorting Area C!
This is not a drill!
Repeat, riot in progress!
All available guards
report to Sorting Area C!
Guys, this is the chance
we've been waitin' for!
It's time.
Spread the word
that we're going ahead
with the plan.
Yeah.
(growling and groaning)
Nice work, partner!
Now I'll polish off
all the leftovers!
Hey, put that‐‐ Hey!
(groaning)
(Shinji via P. A.)
My fellow Commons!
It's time for us to rise up!
For years, the Topsiders
have ruled over us
and treated us
like animals!
But now we have a chance to
take control of the future!
Our tomorrow starts today!
(cheering)
Down with the Topsiders!
Yeah! First up is
takin' down the guards!
Remember, together
we've got 'em outnumbered!
We'll use all this junk
they dump to trash 'em!
There's a riot
in Sorting Zone C!
The inmates are overpowering
our security guards.
It's utter chaos.
We need backup
before the situation
spirals out of control!
(growling)
Lock down all zones now!
Don't let anyone escape!
(Terron)
Look, it's Crow!
Huh?
How did you three
end up down here?
Security was after us and
a ninja hid us underground.
Zuzu was with us, too!
Yeah, but she
just took off!
Took off where!?
I will retrieve Celina!
Oppose me, and you must
face the savagery
of my Beastborg monsters!
I activate Beastborg Fusioner
to summon one right away!
I fuse Panther Warrior
and Dark Sentinel
to mix the savagery
of a jungle hunter
with the attack strength of
a high‐tech combat machine!
I Fusion Summon the most
dangerous mercenary
you ever faced‐‐
Beastborg Panther Predator!
Panther Predator,
lock and load!
Fire your Quasar Beam
to inflict damage
equal to half
your attack points!
(roaring)
Uhh!
(groaning)
I place these two cards
and end my turn.
Celina, the Professor
ordered me to bring you back.
And as you know, I never
disobey a direct order.
Well, I'm ordering you
to go back without me.
Impossible. Celina,
what happened to the person
who wanted to fight
on the front lines?
Please, listen to me.
Come back peacefully
and I'll convince the
Professor to make it happen.
Barrett,
that's not me anymore.
I've learned too much‐‐
far too much
about Duel Academy.
The Professor is
a destructive maniac
with a mad dream, and I
won't be part of his scheme!
We can't let her
go back there.
She won't.
Huh?
Celina's staying right here.
And as for Duel Academy,
its days of wrecking
people's lives are over!
Huh?
Smile World!
(Smile World)
Sometimes making someone smile
can turn things around.
(groaning)
Onward! We are gonna
clean up this miserable city
once and for all!
Yeah!
The riot is spreading
throughout the underground!
It's chaos!
(growling)
Think I'll get
some exercise.
Huh?
Exercise?
Yeah.
I'm thinkin'
a few abdominal crunches
followed by
some jujitsu takedowns.
Oh?
You gentlemen want in?
Yeah!
♪
Yo! Hold up, Speedopolis!
Slow down. This isn't how
you get to the elevator!
That's not an option.
They're expecting that.
So, there's only one way
we can get out of here now,
but it's not gonna be easy!
Don't be such a damp sponge!
We're in the clear!
Or not.
Those bars can't stop us!
No, but they can shock us.
There's nowhere to run!
Give yourselves up or else!
Ha! We prefer "or else"!
(thinking)
Mom always thought
I should use my dueling
to make people smile,
and Dad felt the same way.
He felt the point of dueling
was to spread happiness.
But how can I do that
and still protect Celina?
What's wrong? Thinking of
going AWOL to avoid losing?
Uhh!
♪
Think I'll save
the smiles for later!
I'm gonna use my
Scale 3 Xiangke Magician
and my Scale 8
Xiangsheng Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
Now I can summon monsters
between Levels 4 and 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Earn your stripes,
Performapal Salutiger!
Scratch your way to victory,
Performapal Silver Claw!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(thinking)
Together, my three monsters
have a total
of 6,000 attack points,
which is more than enough
to defeat Barrett!
I'll put them
out of commission
with Beastborg Medal
of the Steel Chain!
This trap will leave you
in a serious bind
because as long as I have
a Beastborg on my field,
your three circus freaks are
no longer allowed to attack!
I can't use
my monsters to fight?
No! They're off
of active duty!
Chain those monsters up
and put 'em in lockdown!
♪
So what's the plan, Shinji?
I'm sure the guards will be
sending in more reinforcements!
We have to reach
the main control room
before they show up!
And then, after we
take over this facility,
we'll bring our fight
above ground!
But we'll have to
act quickly
or this whole party
will be for nothing!
Hurry!
(men groaning)
Zuzu! Zuzu!
Hey, Gong!
Any sign of
the little lady?
Nothing.
Not even a trace.
She could be anywhere.
This place is on lockdown,
so Zuzu couldn't have gone far.
Let's keep on looking!
I'll snoop around
the control room.
C'mon Gong.
You jackals keep an eye
out for her here.
And stay out of trouble!
Face it, Yuya.
Your monsters are as useless
as a submarine in the desert.
As long as I have
a Beastborg on my field,
my trap keeps 'em
locked up.
And you don't have the key
to unlock my combo!
(thinking)
If I don't find a way
to break 'em free,
forget about winning‐‐
I'll be lucky to survive!
(Riley)
Yuya...
Huh?
Let me help you.
I can still fight!
No, Riley,
just stay back!
I won't risk you
getting hurt.
You're too weak!
(groaning)
Hmm.
(gasping)
(whimpering)
Riley!
(thinking)
Mom, it's all falling apart.
What do I do?
Go! Blaze Falcon!
Charge your wings and
fire an electrostatic bolt
to give this guard
the shock treatment!
Aah!
(groaning)
Huh! This escape
has been way too easy!
That's 'cause you left
all the dueling to me.
Huh?
(men shouting)
Watch out!
Make a break for it!
For the first part
of our workout,
we're gonna
gather up some garbage!
Then we're going to flatten
all the trash and bag it!
Well, lookie there!
Don't you trashtrolls move!
(laughing)
Huh?
(screaming)
I meant to do that!
Whoa, what a wreck.
Hold it right there!
Huh?
Make one move and so will we!
On second thought,
go ahead and run!
After all, we could use
the target practice!
(laughing)
Take aim!
(groaning)
All right!
Now we're rollin'!
It worked!
Next stop, Topside!
Great news, Shinji!
We broke into the vault
and now we're breakin' out
our Duel Disks!
Shinji,
mission accomplished!
We captured
the generator room
and cut power to all
the security systems!
Listen up, my fellow Commons.
Today is a new day!
Today is the day
we've waited for!
Our campaign against
the Topsiders has begun!
The underground is ours!
And now it's time
we take it to the streets!
We'll ride the conveyor belts
to the surface
and take the future
into our own hands!
Let's roll!
Power to the Commons!
Thanks a lot. This was
truly a team effort.
It was totally our pleasure.
We've been
itchin' for action
ever since
we got down here.
Our boss got tossed
in this dump
and we haven't seen him
in, like, forever.
We've been searchin' for
ways to get him outta here.
We looked high and low,
but so far,
we haven't found
a trace of Chojiro.
(Chojiro)
'Til now, that is!
Huh?
Chojiro!
Come on, let's go!
We're free!
Let's get out a' here!
(laughter)
Topsiders, here we come!
Zuzu!
♪
Gong found you!
Huh?
Thank goodness!
Gong was lookin'
all over for ya.
Please, Gong!
Help me get to Yuya!
I have a terrible feeling!
My bracelet just glowed again.
I think Yuya's in danger!
Uh‐oh! Gong wonders if
he ran into Obelisk Force.
From Duel Academy?
They flew
into this dimension
like a bunch of bats!
Out of the way!
Topsiders are going down!
Huh?
Move it or lose it!
Zuzu!
Gong!
(panting)
Hmm...
Let's rock!
Yeah!
Sir, we've spotted
two targets
in Sector
Romeo‐Tango‐55‐‐
Yuya Sakaki and
Riley Akaba.
Uhh!
They appear to be
engaged in battle
with a unit
from Obelisk Force.
It appears that Celina
is also present!
Celina?
(thinking)
The Lancers and Duel Academy
are both fighting over her!
But I won't let either group
take control of dear Celina!
(whimpering)
(screaming)
I can't go back.
(gasping)
(thinking)
I have to focus!
Celina and Riley
are depending on me.
Barrett might have the lead,
but he must have
some weakness I can
turn to my advantage.
If I pick apart his game,
his whole strategy revolves
around his trap card.
Without that card,
he can't tie my monsters
down in chains.
So what can I do
to counter it?
As long as I have
a Beastborg on my field,
my trap keeps 'em
locked up.
(thinking)
So if I can find a way
to take out Beastborg
Panther Predator,
then Barrett's trap
would bite the dust, too!
Huh?
Okay!
Even though Salutiger
and Silver Claw
are chained up,
I can still overlay them!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
Go!
(roaring)
(thinking)
When Dark Rebellion
destroys his Beastborg,
his trap card
will be history!
Attack!
Halt!
What?
I activate Beastborg Medal
of the Crimson Chain!
Listen up, grunt!
You can't outsmart me!
My Crimson Chain activates
when you summon a monster
from your Extra Deck.
Once again, your monster
can't go on the attack.
Your mighty Dragon
is now harmless!
Oh, no!
Huh?
I'm doomed!
(sinister laughter)
♪